Add DevExtreme Versions Topic (#8470)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/DevExtreme Versions/05 DevExtreme Version Nomenclature.md

DevExtreme version notation includes three numbers: 

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>Number</th>
        <th>Definition</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b><u>v25</u></b>.2.3</td>
        <td>Year of the release.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>v25.<b><u>2</u></b>.3</td>
        <td>The release number. Mid-year and year-end releases are numbered 1 and 2 respectively.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>v25.2.<b><u>3</u></b></td>
        <td>Minor version. Alpha and beta versions are numbered 1 and 2 respectively. The first stable minor within each major release is 3.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

> [note] In the DevExtreme documentation, versions with omitted minors (such as v25.2.x) refer to the latest available minor in the specified major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] In DevExtreme documentation, version references can omit the last number (as in v25.2.x). This notation refers to the latest available minor update of the specified major release.
```
